whoa my turn to get a closer look
impressively just the sheer size of it
if they were feeding these sharks would
come in like an express train but test
bites are far more cautious and
considered yeah god that's a big shot
this thing can grow to the size and
weight of a Volvo of fate so it's hardly
surprising that a test bike could prove
to be lethal so when sharks bite us most
of the time they're just trying to
satisfy their curiosity something that's
backed up by the numbers this year
counting all different species of shark
they'll be around 80 shark attacks on
humans with some 10 fatalities with just
one of them down to a great white
however there's a far less well-known
shark that's much more dangerous than
its big brother the great white
you
it's the bull shark otherwise known as
the Zambezi for a smaller shark it's got
a huge mouth with an awful lot of teeth
Steve I'm gonna show you the business
scenes Zambia shocked whoa that's gonna
look at the pudding teeth on the bottom
yeah
cutting teeth on the top all right so
these are the ones that grab you yeah
and then these are the ones that cut you
absolutely like a hot knife through
butter yeah seriously set of Jaws are
they how also the size of shark was this
from 2.5 to 2.8 meters a very big draw
for a shark yeah you know that's quite a
small bird yeah pretty much a pocket
full of punch that's quite a big gun
that's quite a big that's not team to
fight there it may well be that the
great white is getting a lot of flack it
just doesn't deserve researchers are
beginning to think that many attacks
blamed on the great white might actually
be the work of the bull shark the bull
shark is the only shark that regularly
lives in both salt and freshwater it
likes to hunt ensure even up rivers it's
all over the place but it's a stealth
killer hard to track down this is shark
gully bull shark territory and suddenly
we had company but not a bull shark way
too big
that's a gigantic great white I know I
said not to worry about these sharks but
try that when you're face-to-face with
one but true to life and not to legend
this gigantic monster just checked us
out then cruised on by into the big blue
I can't believe it I swim with jewels
and I'm still here
that was a huge fish fantastic although
this was an ideal spot and we dived
again and again we didn't see a single
bull shark just proves how elusive they
are
so no bull sharks but at least I got to
swim with a great white and I'm still
alive
maybe these sharks aren't the mindless
man-eaters we think they are
you